Removing the 'closed' kwarg from pd.date_range in gallery examples (#1540)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.9.3.rst

Deprecations
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> it was removed the tag *close* in the examples files, since it was unsual and it is deprecated for pandas >= 1.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed the kwarg `close` from `pd.date_range` in the examples since it is deprecated for pandas >= 1.4.0. (:pull:`1540`)
```

>   * Removed the kwarg `close` from `pd.date_range` in the examples since it is deprecated for pandas >= 1.4.0. (:pull:`1540`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed the kwarg ``closed`` from ``pd.date_range`` in the examples since it is deprecated for pandas >= 1.4.0. (:pull:`1540`)
```

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> João Guilherme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
João Guilherme (:ghuser:`joaoguilhermeS`)
```
